Do not display keine angabe (#754)
geoadmin/suite-bdms: CHANGELOG.md

- Lithology csv import.

### Fixed

> - When setting the application to german _keine_Angabe_ was unecessarily display in the lithology subtitle.

Reviewer: REQ: Typo fixen
```suggestion
- When the application was set to German, an issue occurred where the term 'keine_Angabe' was unnecessarily displayed in the lithology subtitle.
```
